Re-organize Components (#1643)
near/docs: docs/bos/tutorial/quickstart.md

  'post', 'main', { accountId: ['influencer.testnet'] }
);

// retrieve likes for each post
const likes = idx_posts.map(
  index => Social.index('like', item(index.blockHeight)).length
);

// retrieve data for each post
const post_data = idx_posts.map(
  index => Social.get(`${index.accountId}/post/main`, index.blockHeight)
);

// defined "Like" function
const like = (blockHeight) => Social.set(
  {index:{like: JSON.stringify({key: item(blockHeight), value: {type: 'like'}})}}
)

return <>
  <h5>Posts from <i>influencer.testnet</i></h5>
  {post_data.map((post, idx) =>
    <div class="mt-3">
      <div>{JSON.parse(post).text} - {likes[idx]} likes</div>
      {context.accountId && <button class="btn btn-danger btn-sm" onClick={() => like(idx_posts[idx].blockHeight)}>Like</button>}
    </div>
  )}
</>

```

</WidgetEditor>

---

## Fully On-Chain & Easily Composable

Leveraging the cheap storage and computation of the NEAR Blockchain, NEAR Components' code is stored fully on-chain in the SocialDB smart contract (`social.near`).

<WidgetEditor height="40px">

```js
// retrieving the code of a stored component
return Social.get('influencer.testnet/widget/Greeter')
```

</WidgetEditor>

> Once deployed a component can be imported and used by any other component. Composing components as lego blocks allow to build complex applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once deployed, a component can be imported and used by any other component. Composing components as LEGO blocks allows you to build complex applications.
```
